The dominant paper in our nation's capital, it's among the top 10 U.S. papers in circulation
The practice of pre-authorizing presidential use of force dates to a 1955 resolution re: this island near mainland China
Daniel Hertzberg & James B. Stewart of this paper shared a 1988 Pulitzer for their stories about insider trading
Song that says, "you make me smile with my heart; your looks are laughable, unphotographable"
In 2011 bell ringers for this charity started accepting digital donations to its red kettle
The Naples Museum of Art
This Italian painter depicted the "Adoration of the Golden Calf"
This woman who won consecutive heptathlons at the Olympics went to UCLA on a basketball scholarship
Originally this club's emblem was a wagon wheel; now it's a gearwheel with 24 cogs & 6 spokes
Several bridges, including El Tahrir, cross the Nile in this capital
After the fall of France in 1940, this general told his country, "France has lost a battle. But France has not lost the war"
The Taft Museum of Art
The mast from the USS Maine is part of the memorial to the ship & crew at this national cemetery
In 2009: Joker on film
It was the peninsula fought over in the peninsular war of 1808 to 1814
In 1980 China founded a center for these cute creatures in its bamboo-rich Wolong Nature Preserve
1988: "Father Figure"
In an essay defending this 2011 film, Myrlie Evers-Williams said, "My mother was" this film "& so was her mother"
Father Michael McGivney founded this fraternal society for Catholic laymen in 1882
Early projects of the WWF, this organization, included work with the bald eagle & the red wolf
Indonesia's largest lizard, it's protected from poachers, though we wish it could breathe fire to do the job itself
Nov. 28, 1929! This man & his chief pilot Bernt Balchen fly to South Pole! Yowza! You'll be an admirable admiral, sir!
On May 5, 1878 Alice Chambers was the last person buried in this Dodge City, Kansas cemetery
The Royal Palace grounds feature a statue of King Norodom, who in the late 1800s was compelled to first put his country under the control of this European power; of course, it was sculpted in that country
In the 400s B.C. this Chinese philosopher went into exile for 12 years
Bessie Coleman, the first black woman licensed as a pilot, landed a street named in her honor at this Chicago airport
The Ammonites held sway in this Mideast country in the 1200s B.C. & the capital is named for them
"The Sum of All Fears"; he also won a screenwriting Oscar for "Good Will Hunting"
One of the N.Y. Times' headlines on this landmark 1973 Supreme Court decision was "Cardinals shocked"
France's Philip IV--known as "The Fair"--had Jacques De Molay, the last Grand Master of this order, burned in 1314
The Georgia O'Keeffe Museum
The name of this largest Moroccan city combines 2 Spanish words
Jell-O
2011: Chicago mayor Tom Kane
Title residence of Otter, Flounder, Pinto & Bluto in a 1978 comedy
Neurobiologist Amy Farrah Fowler on "The Big Bang Theory", in real life she has a Ph.D. in neuroscience from UCLA
In "The Deadlocked Election of 1800", James R. Sharp outlines the fall of this dueling vice president
He served in the KGB before becoming president & then prime minister of Russia
When asked to describe herself, she says first & foremost, she is Malia & Sasha's mom
She wrote, "My candle burns at both ends... but, ah, my foes, and oh, my friends--it gives a lovely light"
In this Finnish city, the Lutheran Cathedral, also known as Tuomiokirkko
Milton Bradley games
The Kentucky & Virginia resolutions were passed to protest these controversial 1798 acts of Congress
1983: "Beat It"
In 2009: Sookie Stackhouse
This member of the Nixon & Ford cabinets was born in Furth, Germany in 1923
The High Kirk of St. Giles, where John Knox was minister
For the brief time he attended, he was a rebel with a cause, even landing a lead role in a 1950 stage production
Fisher-Price toys
In a 1959 American kitchen exhibit in Moscow, he told Khrushchev, "In America, we like to make life easier for women"
One of his "Tales of a Wayside Inn" begins, "Listen, my children, and you shall hear of the midnight ride of Paul Revere"
This bestseller about problems on the McCain-Palin ticket became an HBO movie with Julianne Moore
A 2-part episode of "JAG" introduced this Mark Harmon drama
This port is the southernmost of South Africa's 3 capitals
Keats was quoting this Edmund Spenser poem when he told Shelley to "'load every rift' of your subject with ore"
In an 1819 letter Keats wrote that this lord & poet "cuts a figure, but he is not figurative"
This clear Greek liqueur is quite potent, so it's usually mixed with water, which turns it white & cloudy
Feb. 1, National Freedom Day, is the date in 1865 when a resolution sent the states an amendment ending this
This person is the queen's representative in Canada; currently the office is held by David Johnston
He earned the "fifth Beatle" nickname by producing all of the Beatles' albums
Early in their careers, Mark Twain & Bret Harte wrote pieces for this California city's Chronicle
Large specimens of this marsupial can leap over barriers 6 feet high
Because it's cured & stored in brine, this crumbly white cheese made from sheep's milk is often referred to as pickled cheese
1927! Gene Tunney takes a long count in the squared circle but rises to defeat this "Manassa Mauler"! Howzabout that!
Italian for "leader", it was especially applied to Benito Mussolini
The Kalamazoo Institute of Arts
The Sun Valley Center for the Arts
You can't mention this shortstop without mentioning his double-play associates Evers & Chance
In 1840 Horace Greeley began publishing "The Log Cabin", a weekly campaign paper in support of this Whig candidate
Pierre Cauchon, Bishop of Beauvais, presided over the trial of this woman who went up in smoke May 30, 1431
This Wisconsin city claims to have built the USA's only granite dome
This Georgia paper is known as the AJC for short
Wooden 2-story verandas in this Liberian capital are an architectural link to the U.S. south
This New Orleans venue reopened Sept. 25, 2006
"The Hunt for Red October"; he went more comedic as Jack Donaghy on "30 Rock"
Rita Dove titled a collection of poems "On the Bus with" this woman
"Patriot Games"; he's had other iconic roles, in space & underground
This sacred structure dates from the late 600's A.D.
1988: "Man In The Mirror"
Matthias Church, or Matyas Templom, where Franz Joseph was crowned in 1867
Attending UCLA in the '60s, he was no "Meathead", he just played one later on television
Kinch, Carter & LeBeau were all residents of Stalag 13 on this TV show
News flash! This less-than-yappy pappy is sixth veep to be nation's top dog after chief takes deep sleep!
In 2001: The president of the United States on television
1989: "Miss You Much"
1922: It's the end of an empire! This empire, in fact! After 600 years, it's goodbye, this, hello, Turkish Republic!
Crest toothpaste
In 1888 this Chancellor told the Reichstag, "we Germans fear God, but nothing else in the world"
In 1787 he signed his first published poem "Axiologus"; axio- is from the Greek for "worth"
Not to be confused with karma, krama is a popular accessory sold in cambodia; the word means "scarf" in this national language of Cambodia
Phnom Penh's notorious gridlock is circumvented by the nimble tuk-tuk, a motorized taxi that's also known as an auto this, a similar Asian conveyance.
1980: "Rock With You"
The Pulitzer-winning "The Making of the President 1960" covered this man's successful presidential campaign
In 1843 Isaac Dittenhoefer became the first pres. of this Jewish club whose name means "children of the covenant"
Don Knotts took over from Norman Fell as the resident landlord on this sitcom
U.N. Res. 242 supports "secure and recognized boundaries" for Israel & neighbors following this June 1967 war
This blonde beauty who reprised her role as Amanda on the new "Melrose Place" was a psychology major
The name of this dish of marinated lamb, skewered & grilled, comes from the Greek for "skewer" & also starts with "s"
Post-it notes
In 2010: As Sherlock Holmes on film
